this video is sponsored by surf shark
sirshark is a vpn service that makes
online privacy easy for everyone their
servers encrypts all internet traffic
going to and from your device and hides
your ip address this service also blocks
ads trackers and malware and phishing
attacks unlike other vpn services you
can use surfshark on as many devices as
you want at the same time in the digital
era we live in the internet knows a lot
about us and companies can use this data
against you that's why i use surf shark
with online shopping and browsing social
media what i like best about surfshark
though is that it saves my mobile data
and boost my browsing speed by blocking
the clutter of ads i often see click the
link in the description or go to
surfshark.deals scare theater and use my
promo code to get servstruck for 83 off
as well as an additional three months
free download surf shark now and get all
around enhanced internet browsing
experience
[Music]
i've been getting requests to cover this
channel for a while now and i've sort of
just been waiting to see how the events
play out but i've seen enough now
for those of you who don't know about
the kate yup controversy let me give a
little prelude
kate yup is a youtuber who's been
creating mukbang asmr videos for nearly
two years now
there was nothing particularly
disturbing about this at first but
eventually most people began to notice
some alarming things about her
her eating became more erratic people
started to hear voices in the background
of her videos threatening kate with
violence
and the few frames or her eyes were
visible it seemed as if she was crying
and she even showed some physical signs
of abuse
[Music]
in no time people started creating
outlandish theories that kate was being
held hostage and forced to create these
videos for the sick pleasure of whoever
was abusing her
i have to say this whole thing seems
pretty ridiculous but it's at least
worth taking a look at
so i started with watching all of her
videos
and let me tell you it wasn't easy
sitting through several hours of this
i still don't understand how people find
that relaxing
anyway the progression of events seen
here is interesting
it started in april of 2018 when katyapp
uploaded her first video where she ate
11 pounds of raw salmon
the first three videos have the comments
and ratings turned off
judging by the fact that in her second
video she added a disclaimer about her
wild non-aesthetic eating i'm assuming
she disabled them because of complaints
she was getting eventually the comments
were turned back on and business
continued on as normal
the first point at which people truly
started to get concerned was in
katyapp's later videos when she showed
signs of physical distress
despite all the food that she had been
eating it seemed like she had actually
gotten skinnier in addition to that she
had a bruise on one of her arms and a
cut on her lip
this is when the theory of kate being
kidnapped and forced to eat for these
videos really took off
this is only exacerbated by some other
inconsistencies kate yep exhibited
in one of her videos she states that
she's alone while recording these videos
but that's been proven false on numerous
occasions
in multiple other videos you can hear
sounds that are obviously being made by
someone else in the room
eventually people started to believe
that kate herself was calling out for
help through some of these videos
one of the subtitles she placed seemed
to have capitalized only the letters sos
and in the same video some argue that
she was attempting to call out for help
through morse code
[Music]
personally i think that's a huge stretch
as far as the sos goes this seems like a
coincidence considering that she
capitalized random letters in her
subtitles all the time
and as for the morse code
look at this again
for the most part she's really only
tapping with a single finger and not in
a pace that's consistent with morse code
at all
although i'm not convinced by this i
will admit there is a subliminal message
she put in a later video that i do think
was entirely intentional i'll get to
that in a moment
after that last video with the alleged
morse code in the sos message
kate yap officially addressed these
rumors for the first time on the
community page of her youtube channel
she posted a message saying that she was
fine
the marks on her arms were allegedly
caused by the sun
and the wound on her lip was just a
herpe according to her
she also quoted a comment by a user who
pretty much debunked the whole morse
code claim
one thing i want to note that i found a
bit odd was her claim that the mark on
her arm was caused by the sun
i'm assuming she's talking about age
spots which are marks that can appear on
the body due to sun exposure
the only issue i have with this is that
age spots don't go away unless you have
them treated
what's odd is that in our next video you
can see her arm again and these spots
are nowhere to be found
this indicates that either these were
not sunspots or should cover them up
with makeup not long after this
katyapp uploaded an actual video that
someone responded to these claims titled
i am alive
now this video isn't all too
uncharacteristic of the others except
for one detail
like usual she has subtitles appearing
all throughout the video
but in four of these subtitles she has
the first letter capitalized in
different font
put all these letters together and it
spells help
i can tell you with 100 certainty this
is not a coincidence these are literally
the only letters in the entire video
that she capitalizes
if there's a time to actually be
concerned it's here strangely enough at
the end of her next video she seems to
contradict herself
she says
oh no i'm lying
in fact there are people torturing me
every day without even knowing it all
those who are continuing to spread the
rumor
this is puzzling in one video we have
her intentionally giving out a help
message
and then the next is her telling us to
stop spreading rumors about this
in kate yup's final video she ends up
losing a tooth while eating crab
she doesn't even stop eating afterward
she just trucks ahead with the video
there isn't even any blood as if the
tooth had already rotted
this video raises many questions
okay so clearly kate yup isn't your
average mukbang channel
there's something up here but i want to
make something clear for a moment
ever since it started getting a lot of
attention
many people have been flooding her
comments with really stupid stuff
let's for a moment let's pretend that
kate yup is actually being held captive
and forced to make these videos
if you're ever arguing for a point like
this you want to make sure you stick to
the facts
you won't believe how many people are
over analyzing tiny insignificant
details that make this whole thing just
look stupid let me explain what i mean
on this video someone claimed that at
one point you can hear someone saying
i'm trying to kill you in the background
let's listen for ourselves
[Music]
i literally don't hear anything that
even sounds remotely like that
in this video someone commented saying
he can hear a voice in the background
saying that good at this point
[Music]
guys this is her saying that you can
literally see her mouth moving
in this video
someone says you can see a bruise on her
hand at one point
i don't even know what to say here
that's very clearly just a shadow it
disappears when she moves her hand
and in this video people get all worried
because looks like you can see tear
stains on her mask
in reality this is just torn fabric
oh and my personal favorite is this one
people freaked out about her captor
moving the bowl forward in this video
despite the fact you can clearly see her
lean against it before it moves i'm only
getting started guys i could probably
create a whole separate video that's
just a compilation of people over
analyzing stupid stuff like this
doing stuff like this is bad for a few
reasons for one it pisses me off because
i had to sit through this
only to find nothing useful but more
importantly all this stuff buries the
legitimate evidence they can get a lot
harder for people to find
it delegitimizes the entire issue so
this needs to stop
okay rant over so here's what i think of
this entire thing
aside from all the details people
overanalyze there's some actual things
that raise a few red flags
like i stated earlier her alleged
sunspots had disappeared by the next
video and the clearly intentional help
message that she added into her next
video our cause for alarm
but i have to say
i'm still skeptical
there's a lot of things that really just
don't add up here everyone is so
obsessed with their cappers forcing her
to make these videos but no one likes to
point out how seems like these so-called
captors are practically begging to be
found out
all of the red flags we're seeing here
could have easily been covered up if the
kidnappers were actually forcing katy up
to do this
they could just made her wear a long
sleeve shirt to cover up the bruises on
her arm
and the subliminal message she includes
in her videos are just nonsense
why would her captors let her edit her
own videos
there are so many things here that just
don't make sense that makes the whole
thing to sound absurd
one aspect of this that i have found
interesting was that pretty much all of
the behavior that i found to be
legitimately alarming
only started occurring after her i'm a
live video
this is the same time period where all
this controversy really started to peak
at this point you'd think her cappers
would be extra careful to not let
anything slip but instead this was the
time that the most red flag slipped
here's what i think
kate yup saw how much attention she was
getting from all this controversy and
did what any reasonable content creator
would do
played along with it to get even more
attention and views
and clearly it worked she's now getting
several million views per video
in my opinion this is way more likely
than her being held captive
if you think that i'm wrong and this
woman actually needs help then please
prove me wrong maybe you'll find
something that i missed but until then i
wouldn't be too worried
thank you for watching and i will see
you on the flip side
[Music]
you